W-15607670 add Mule app to Asset types and some Vale cleanup jh (#279)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/asset-types.adoc

A placeholder for an endpoint for use by private Exchange users who want to manage the endpoint with API Manager.
+
Instead of requesting access to multiple APIs to satisfy a use case, a developer can access the group in one step.

* Mule Applications
+

> Applications that perform system integrations. These applications are published and consumed using APIs and don't appear in the Exchange UI, catalog, or search results. Use the Exchange Maven Facade API or REST API to make calls to Mule applications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications that perform system integrations. These applications are published and consumed using APIs and don't appear in the Exchange UI. Use the Exchange Maven Facade API or REST API to publish and manage Mule application assets. 
```
